I offer you a glimpse of a legendary
creature lost in time
neither ape nor man but a giant he's had
many neighbors actually I go by Susan
Susan yeah Susan that is a girl's name
yes that's correct
it suits you I need someone who knows
the wild places of the world and you're
the world's greatest adventurer me I'm
lonely I'm the last of my kind
but on the other side of the world they
talk of this creature the Yeti
I think these yetis are my cousins can
you take me there I give you my word
okay what is it what your word it's a
figure of speech
sounds good what is it well I'm on my
way we have a long way to go you'll need
a map Bravo thank you now to find the
place you belong you'll need to keep a
low profile
oh boy that is gonna let it an awful
draft so let me see if I understand you
plan to travel around the world to the
home of the Yeti I know the secret ways
through the mountains you'll see gum
whatever you do do not mention that
no chicken got it simple hmm greetings
venerable Gamu it is an honor what's
with the chicken it will not be easy but
we will find it your place
Shango ma we call it
what does it mean keep out we hate you
throw me out of the pits I think you
might be a little too heavy nonsense now
give it all you've got
oh it's hard to know whose fault that
was let's do it again
[Music]